Readme fix typos & bad wording (#3)
riscv-rust/longan-nano: README.md

### Using RV-LINK for Flashing and Debugging

[RV-LINK](https://gitee.com/zoomdy/RV-LINK) is a Chinese firmware, similar to
[Black Magic Probe (BMP)](https://github.com/blacksphere/blackmagic/wiki). It

> supports the Longan Nano, allowing to use one Longan Nano board as debug probe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports the Longan Nano, allowing to use one Longan Nano board as a debug probe
```

for another one. It can be built & flashed via

> [PlatformIO](https://platformio.org/). Checkout the latest version to ensure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PlatformIO](https://platformio.org/). Check out the latest version to ensure
```

> git tag 
v0.0.1
v0.1

> v0.2 # <- seems to be the latest tag, so lets check this out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v0.2 # <- seems to be the latest tag, so let's check this out
```

| 3V3       | 3V3        |
| GND       | GND        |

> After you connected the debug probe to your host, a new serialport shows up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you connected the debug probe to your host, a new serial port shows up.
```

> You can connect GDB to this serialport as `extended-remote`. I prefer to refer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect GDB to this serial port as an `extended-remote`. I prefer to refer
```

Reviewer: Maybe this could also be changed to something more neutral, without "I prefer".

> to serialports via the udev assigned id symlink, but you could also use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to serial ports via the udev assigned id symlink, but you could also use
```

`/dev/ttyACM0` or `COMx` if you run Windows.

```
> gdb
(gdb) target extended-remote /dev/serial/by-id/usb-RV-LINK_Longan_Nano_GD32XXX-3.0.0-7z8x9yer-if00
```

> To flash the firmware execute `load` in GDB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To flash the firmware, execute `load` in GDB:
```
